DOCSP-28563 Adds telemetry option and setting (#122)
mongodb/docs-cluster-to-cluster-sync: source/includes/opts/disableTelemetry.rst

> 

Reviewer: Could we also include on the docs that we will **not** be tracking IP addresses, hostnames, usernames, passwords, credentials, data stored in users' MongoDB deployments, or personable identifiable information when sending telemetry to Segment?

> Disables the collection and sharing of ``mongosync`` telemetry data with MongoDB. 

Reviewer 2: [praise] Nice work making this an include!

> Disables the collection and sharing of ``mongosync`` telemetry data with MongoDB. 

Reviewer: Here's a link to Segment: https://segment.com/
```suggestion
Disables the sharing of ``mongosync`` telemetry data with Segment. 
```
